Dear Clements High School Families and Friends, 
 
I want to extend a warm "welcome" to the families and friends of CHS. Additionally, please accept my personal invitation to become a member of the CHS Athletic Booster Club.
 
One of the unique aspects of our athletic booster club is that we are constantly seeking opportunities to support and improve the athletic experience for our student athletes. For this to occur, and to provide for successful athletic programs, we need the support of families, coaches and the local business community. Membership into the booster club provides us with much needed funding to support the vision and mission behind what the booster club stands for. Although membership into the booster club is not mandatory, if it wasn't for the continued support from our membership, the job we each undertake would be many times harder.
 
There are many reasons for joining the CHS Athletic Booster Club. I think our ability to fund the purchase of much needed equipment for the athletic department tops our list We understand that each family may only be able to contribute a certain amount and we appreciate support in whatever capacity one may deem appropriate. Therefore, to accommodate families, we offer several levels of membership, with our most popular membership level listed at $25.00. 
 
Thank you for taking the time to weigh the merits of this endeavor. I also cordially invite you to our next Booster Club meeting. Meetings are held on the First Monday of each month at 7:00 PM in the CHS Lecture Hall. I look forward to seeing you and possibly working with you to generate support that will ultimately give our student athlete the best high school athletic experience. 
 
Together we can make a difference that will gain the support from our school administrators, coaches, athletes and parents. 
 

Regards, 
 

Scott Day
President
CHS Athletic Booster Club



no membership fees to join CABC
welcome and contact president (will give info)
going to send tournament flyer
will send volleyball info (for next year?)
going to send current board member names